Remove sdk content from readme (#401)
cyberark/cyberark-conjur-cli: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Removed

> - `SDK` with all it contents was removed and now maintained under https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SDK` with all it contents was removed and is now maintained in the https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-api-python repository
```
